

Variable:
It is reference to the memory where value is stored.
It is name given to the memory block where value is stored.

There are 3 types of variables in Java:
---------------------------------------
1. Local Variable
2. Instance Variable
3. Static Variable
4. final variable


Local Variable:
---------------
Variable declare inside method/block/constructor/parameters are known as local variables.
Local variable will be stored in method area.
JVM cannot initialized values to the local variables.
Scope/Visibility of any local variable is within that block where its declare.

Ex:
int add(int x, int y){  // 4 local variables
 	final int p,q;
	p =x;  q = y;
	return p+q;
}

Note: Local variables we cannot use any access specifier/modifier , only final keyword is allowed.


Instance/Object level Variables:
--------------------------------
Variable declare inside the class without static keyword known as instance variable.
In java whenever object is created for any class , a seperate copy of instance variable created for every object. 
JVM is responsible to initialize default values to the instance variable.
Instance variables should be declare as private to achieve "Data Hiding". 
So we can initialize instance variables 
 i. using parameter constructor ii. using setter method
And we can read data from instance variables using
 i. getter methods ii. toString()

Whenever object is removed , instance variables will be removed/deleted

Static Variables/Class Level Variables:
------------------------------------------
Variable declare inside the class with static keyword known as static variable.
In java  a single copy of static variable will be shared among multiple object
JVM is responsible to initialize default values to the static variable.
Static variables can be access using object reference or class name.
Whenever ".class" file is loaded JVMs Memory static variable memory allocated
Whenever class is removed/unloaded static variables will be deleted.



package for assignment 
com.hexaware.studentinfo.entity


